# essay
At past when all what you could see and recognized should be infront of your nose and in the middle of your own hands, the reality was taken as something established, something that was tangible and with seeming measurables changes. But now a days, with the evolution of technologies, and specifically speaking about internet, many questions about the balance between the digital life and the “tangible” real life have been staged on many spaces and conversations. Is undeniable that the life what we live today is richer than the 200 years ago one because all the information that we can access interconnects us and in certain way makes us the life easier. Opening many possibilities to know things that are away of our surroundings and resources. The question if the digital life is more real depends of the angle and the role of each person  has in the web daily use.
Starting from the British Dictionary definition of reality that says that reality is the state of things as they are or appear to be rather than as one might wish them to be, and secondly, using as a reference of the reality understanding an Aristotle’s quote that says: "There is nothing in my intellect that was not gone through my senses", we can make a quick conclusion that let know that the things we determine as real, are the product of our perception and conclusion of the state of things.
At past when all what you could see and recognized should be infront of your nose and in the middle of your hands, the reality was taken as something established, something tangible and with seeming measurables changes. But now a days, with the evolution of technologies, and specifically speaking about internet, many questions about the balance between the digital life and the “tangible” real life have been staged on many spaces and conversations. Is undeniable that the life we are living today is richer than the life people lived 200 years ago, because all the information that we have access interconnects us with other people and in certain way makes us the life easier. Opening many possibilities to know things that are away of our surroundings and resources. The question if the digital life is more real depends of the angle and the role of each person  has in the web daily use.
Starting from the British Dictionary definition of reality that says "reality is the state of things as they are or appear to be rather than as one might wish them to be", and secondly, using as a reference of the reality understanding an Aristotle’s quote that says "There is nothing in my intellect that was not gone through my senses", we can make a quick conclusion that let know that the things we determine as real, are the product of our perception and conclusion of the state of things.
People usually expose themselves as perfect on social networks. Their ideal of how they want to be sometimes it is close to reality sometimes not. However, it's all their creation, their truth.
In the offline life people try to look like this person who they idealized. That's why they dress in a certain way, talk in a certain way, and behave in a certain way.
That's wrong? Is it a lie? As in the online life, people have roll models for everything in their life, a perfect body, perfect job, and a perfect couple.
If we disqualify or make less people about their truth in the digital world by the simple fact that 'it can be a lie', we should be doing it in the day to day and think deeply upon if we are so real and true.
The digital world has a longer range, you can transport you to different places through a click wich doesn´t make it more real but to see the real world throuhg the virtual one. Advances in technology have made posible the creation of three dimensional worlds that many people use as a parallel life, because in the online world your indentity is protected in some way, and you could be whoever you want. This reason makes the virtual world "less real" because you can´t always know who is in the other side of the screen. On the other hand there is a phenomenom called "_Mapping is the phenomenon of a virtual behavior matching that of the offline parallel_" this theory states that if there a parallel between the person in the online and the offline world, behaviors in one be able to tell us something about the other one.
